The King

Character's Personality:
1. The king has traces of a barbaric personality which he inherited through his bloodline
2. Despite this, he gained civilized ideals by growing up in a modern world
3. By nature, he is a fanciful man who admires concepts from more refined countries.

Textual Evidence:
First paragraph says "There lives a semi-barbaric king who is ruled equally by this hereditary barbarism and his civilized ideals" which proves trait 1 and 2. Thus he is called "semi-barbaric" because he is half-civilized and half-barbaric. The paragraph further says that he "combined his fanciful nature and ideals" into a major project by creating a public arena, which he borrowed from other countries he admires for their "refinedness".


The Princess

Character's Personality:
1. The princess also possesses the hereditary savage blood of her father.
2. She is a smart young lady who knows how to use her influence to get what she wants.
3. When she falls in love, she gives her all and will do anything for the man she loves.
4. She is a jealous girl who fears losing her lover's attention to another woman.

Textual Evidence:
The phrase that says she "loves the courtier with all the passion that her barbaric ancestry demands" implies personality traits 1 and 3. She got her barbarism from her ancestry, and this barbarism causes her to give her all for her loved one. Trait 3 is further proven when she does everything to save her lover from the tiger by researching the content of the doors. She is clearly a thinking person, who will not just allow fate to govern her life, but someone who sets out to plan a solution. She is smart (trait 2) and knows who to talk to and use her influence on. Lastly, she is jealous (trait 4) of the other girl simple because the girl admires her lover so much, and she "hates the lady for daring to admire" her own lover. Her jealousy and love ends up conflicting her: will she save her lover's life, or will she prevent the other girl from having him? That will depend on which trait is stronger.


The Courtier

Character's Personality:
1. The courtier gives his full trust to the woman he loves.
2. He has some hints of infidelity, showing signs of admiring the other girl.
3. He is also smart, because he can tell from the princess expression that she succeeded.

Textual Evidence:
The courtier was mentioned to have "unflinchingly" followed her direction, indicating full trust in his lover's intelligence and love. But he does not know that the princess already "suspects that the courtier has, on occasion, admired the lady as well" thus proving that he can show signs of admiration for other girls as well. On the day of the trial, one look at the princess was all he needed to understand that she succeeded, and he concluded, based on his knowledge of her love for him, that it must be safe to obey her decision.
